# Meeting Transcription

  Meeting started: 05/08/2025, 17:41:58
  Duration: 35 minutes
  Participants: Awais Saleem, Piermatteo Grieco

  [View original transcript](https://app.tactiq.io/api/2/u/m/r/1tsIs9FSUbMb1wgkeCp4?o=txt)

    

  

  
    ## Highlights

    > 04:33 Awais Saleem: Okay. So this is what I have function to load model. Then this is the tokenizer that this one is the padding thing in there to pad. It's same thing. Like in transformer we have add an arm layers. This is something that we have to normalizing, the token size at doing in doing the padding thing. So this is just for configuration to load on CPU device or GPU. But I only get you one but GPU is also but it was before limited time on Google Cloud but then I load it. I this model that I have already in configuration. I'll go quickly, go to the our part. This is just one if that Like a fallback model if that about doesn't get loaded due to the space and it
> 20:19 Awais Saleem: there is That is the here. It is. But the This is the node features that I build and it some sort of those features and including some features. So some semantic features from code but that model to then every node feature have like some sort of understanding. What what is the coherency and this was just extra thing. I just I can just go with this one as well, but I don't and Yeah, didn't I did something extracting so that it's a man thing features. As also important, if we have something extra, we should include. So that is why I take it. So this is how it A, I built graph and then I'll keep going. There is a code, This is the chord
> 21:30 Awais Saleem: Yeah. So this is the core DNA something the name of custom model that I use. So it's name of my class which has like a DNN layers in in about about cell. So it's I define it here but I will go. There I define this class. By this is the class that I, this is the model that I constructed like DNN architecture to do with the, some sort of and that I loaded it. I used like Python and this is the class later on. We use it here somewhere there with the custom and the accordion and the name of Model. And then here it starts and like Testing some sort of sample data and custom data. So it's here, it's goal. Like
> 27:31 Piermatteo Grieco: I will share this with you. Let me check. I will show it now. Okay, weekly pull request issue. Security.
> 27:53 Piermatteo Grieco: I think it's an organization so I should not you in the organization actually. Collaboration. Director's. Okay. Can I have your Github username?
> 29:10 Piermatteo Grieco: https://github.com/AiGotsrl/mcp-memory-server/invitations
> 30:06 Piermatteo Grieco: Three, four days to to check the results, what I want you to do, basically with
> 31:16 Awais Saleem: Yeah, I have 15 days of notice period but if you want me urgently there is no problem. I can just jump into any project and take start working on the butter. 15 days will be done. My notes period, that I need to serve. I have some important account server, is the whole server is dependent on me. So I have to
> 34:06 Piermatteo Grieco: Because this is important, example. Let's say that we have Then founding from us.

  ## Transcript

  00:00 Piermatteo Grieco: Hello. Hi, I can't see you.
00:07 Awais Saleem: I there is no camera.
00:08 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
00:10 Awais Saleem: Hi, how are you? Yes, I can make this.
00:12 Piermatteo Grieco: Fine. What about you?
00:13 Awais Saleem: I'm doing good.
00:16 Piermatteo Grieco: Great. So Well, not too much sun. Okay. well, I hope
00:25 Awais Saleem: You know, what's temperature here?
00:29 Piermatteo Grieco: What's that?
00:29 Awais Saleem: What is the 47 degrees?
00:32 Piermatteo Grieco: Could never. Not.
00:36 Awais Saleem: Yeah.
00:36 Piermatteo Grieco: It's impossible for me to survive at 47 degrees.
00:38 Speaker: Hi, I’m transcribing this call with my Tactiq AI Extension: https://tactiq.io/r/transcribing
00:42 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
00:42 Awais Saleem: Okay.
00:44 Piermatteo Grieco: Start. If it's okay for you, the first thing that I will do it to see the Outer regressive, Fine-tuned model. So you can share file that you sent me and the work that you've done. One by one. We see. The autoregressive. Output. And how you done the fine tuning.
01:07 Awais Saleem: Hi.
01:10 Piermatteo Grieco: Then we see the reinforcement learning reinforcement, learning with human feedback.
01:17 Awais Saleem: Yeah.
01:17 Piermatteo Grieco: Fine-tuning. And then we see the whiskey challenge, okay.
01:21 Awais Saleem: Okay, so just shared my screen.
01:30 Piermatteo Grieco: I can see your screen. You can start.
01:31 Awais Saleem: Okay, so this is the. Let me and with a second, this is the okay, yeah, this one. Is with the What we have? I take one of public model that is why.
01:49 Piermatteo Grieco: Wait, wait. Let's see, the outer aggressive before. This is a relief.
02:01 Awais Saleem: Yeah. Yeah.
02:01 Piermatteo Grieco: Yeah, let's see. The outer aggressive, the normal one. Not with.
02:09 Awais Saleem: No, the not that is inside within this notebook.
02:15 Piermatteo Grieco: Oh, okay, let's see it.
02:20 Awais Saleem: Okay, so just a second. This is Ultra small parameter there. I will go This is same thing, I started installation. Then there is a the transformer library, I defined tokenizer then auto model for this is something to load model, then some sort of head model tokenizer for gb2 token, and and but organizer. These are these are the library that I use. Then there is Laura the lab configuration that I have utilized with other regressive to unit and this library, come for this. And these are some sort of other utility based library, go to the model. This is my base model and then these are just I if this one yes
03:10 Piermatteo Grieco: Yeah.
03:19 Awais Saleem: for fail I have some alternative. This one was like I was running it on my local and see but I try to manage to run it on Google play. Some Okay, so some configurations that I Did. And this is what I have defined input should be this. This is my preference output and this is the like rejected. So model should learn and response this way, not this way.
03:52 Awais Saleem: So after defining this one, and the this is what, after this function will return me a data. And here, I am loading, the model, the base model, this one distal gt2 and starting from tokenizer. And then adding some padding because to normalize same thing that we have in the
04:18 Piermatteo Grieco: I can see your screen.
04:21 Awais Saleem: You cannot see.
04:23 Piermatteo Grieco: I cannot see your screen. Yeah, for some reason.
04:26 Awais Saleem: All right, I don't know. It's just stop sharing. Okay, so you can see it now.
04:31 Piermatteo Grieco: Now, yes.
04:33 Awais Saleem: Okay. So this is what I have function to load model. Then this is the tokenizer that this one is the padding thing in there to pad. It's same thing. Like in transformer we have add an arm layers. This is something that we have to normalizing, the token size at doing in doing the padding thing. So this is just for configuration to load on CPU device or GPU. But I only get you one but GPU is also but it was before limited time on Google Cloud but then I load it. I this model that I have already in configuration. I'll go quickly, go to the our part. This is just one if that Like a fallback model if that about doesn't get loaded due to the space and it
05:27 Awais Saleem: will just go. Same thing is here, nothing different. I use like separate model for load a triloma and other GPU but first one that get loaded, okay, after that this function is just too quickly test the like first model it take model name and then tokenizer and the same. and that take prompt and initial generate generated response and then it decode
06:01 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
06:03 Awais Saleem: And after that I get it like this, this is like if base model is none, it go to the test with other other model but this, this one works that started working the first one then. This is the like now I started implementing like every reward model. So this this is where I bring changes like this is my the last layer that I have defined it. It is something that what it does, it rewards that model. So these are some, those are all some initial air and this is the Ahead of the last layer. Last part of that model, then this is the feed forward.
07:00 Awais Saleem: Same thing, I define it. And then and the attention mass the exactly same that we have this. I did several like, did some sample sample mean, pulling some layer of from deep learning the DNN, and by then it calculates the reward. So from first it passed to the reward head and then it generates the reward after generating reward how. So above the this one was a kind of class and here I call it with the reward model and unit like Lord and get params then trainable, params and calculate. This is just some calculating the parameters. So in the next part, what I'm doing here, it's Like tuning training, that reward model, that I give them the directory, the some sort of batch size and evaluation criteria, making medicine, grading normalization, these kind of thing. And by then this is like And the function just to quickly reward and this is something that I use to test it. And by then I get that output, I'll show this running one with without
08:28 Piermatteo Grieco: Yeah, I'm sorry. Sorry to interrupt. Are you do use cursor?
08:28 Awais Saleem: putting Google Collab. Sorry.
08:35 Piermatteo Grieco: Do you use cursor?
08:36 Awais Saleem: Schools are.
08:38 Piermatteo Grieco: Courser cursor.
08:40 Awais Saleem: Courser.
08:41 Piermatteo Grieco: Yeah, this code is AI generated.
08:44 Awais Saleem: Some sort of, but some not, but it's not like totally did it. I have defined those classes then did the structure apart, then define it. But I would say,
08:59 Piermatteo Grieco: It's okay. I just want to know which model are you using?
09:04 Awais Saleem: A model, I sometimes use but anastily I don't use any model from deep seek. We have our own model that in current company that I use it for internal purpose that is the same one. I use it. And that was from Deep-seek are one 72 digital
09:25 Piermatteo Grieco: One.
09:27 Awais Saleem: with twin 32 billion model so that was the model that they we loaded for you to use to help that team. So we trust that mother more and this is the same thing
09:36 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
09:41 Awais Saleem: that I use it. To 60%, I did the rest of like as I start getting error.
09:47 Piermatteo Grieco: I can't see your screen again.
09:50 Awais Saleem: Oh sorry.
09:52 Piermatteo Grieco: It's okay, it's okay. Just wanted to understand because probably some some
09:56 Awais Saleem: Yeah, it's exactly.
10:00 Piermatteo Grieco: Structuring and code quality that I see is flowing here. It's missing, can be improved. So because a cloud for basically done, it better.
10:11 Awais Saleem: Clad for is doing better but I glad for was like paid version. He has a more like a more token. We can use it more but it says Limited one. So but as well, we have habit to use and the locally build model so that's that you are right? Clad one is much bettering defining the directory structure. So it's you. That's
10:35 Piermatteo Grieco: Yeah, okay yeah so okay totally get it at the end Which was the result.
10:36 Awais Saleem: right. Yeah. Okay, the I'll go to the
10:47 Piermatteo Grieco: Laura for fine. Tuning is okay. This is a normal fine-tuning. This is not a relative.
10:54 Awais Saleem: Ah there is. This one is p r, O configuration. This is something that we have a
10:58 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay, deal.
10:59 Awais Saleem: low done with that.
11:01 Piermatteo Grieco: Display. It's not it's not a real thing.
11:06 Awais Saleem: It's a it's because like it they need some sort of computation resources so I tried to run it. Let me go to the Google Collab.
11:23 Piermatteo Grieco: Yeah.
11:25 Awais Saleem: Will. Wait. This one, this implementation. Let me know. Okay. Yeah, it will save those results and yeah.
11:45 Piermatteo Grieco: This is a and this is a simulation.
11:45 Awais Saleem: Then. Yeah, it's it's not totally. I real because of the computation same. I would say that if I go with that, it take too much time and too much competition and then I have to. So, but responding something and time and with simulation, it, it pretty much well job. So it with with the training and this one even these are like I would say that can this KL convergence is the it's like pretty much okay, but still not good. That result was not that much real that should be because of the
12:34 Piermatteo Grieco: Let me ask you something, you Actually trained it or you just done the simulation because it seems to me that this is all a simulation.
12:49 Awais Saleem: No, I train it. So there is a one, the court. Let me go to that part. So there is the Laura Trainable parameter by then I get this is the model site and the
13:04 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
13:04 Awais Saleem: training configuration was this
13:08 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
13:08 Awais Saleem: And the performance matrix, what I like the valuation, then after training, these are the results that I got. And little bit memory efficiency, training, speed, and that get improved and but the results are not that much good, that it should be. So the base model was this, the it load up from meters and reward goes totally against, but this is
13:37 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
13:37 Awais Saleem: not, if it simulated, it should be better, but not the. Now, this is not the simulation, this is now the training. So the previously I showed you that was totally based on simulation, but this one is what training. And after training, I get some sort of memory and the in performance metrics generation time, response time per word memory and send some sort of like fail and this one that success rate was like it's successfully passed 80% feel was 20% and then This the last part contained the training results so it it goes from there.
14:36 Piermatteo Grieco: Hmm.
14:38 Awais Saleem: There it's that this is just to generate the response how I generate and then those variable utilize letter to visualize things. So this is my testing part.
14:51 Piermatteo Grieco: Yeah, but okay. Don't worry. Do you have the RL Hf2? Can you show me?
14:51 Awais Saleem: There. Just let me go to my screen and there you can show you
15:25 Awais Saleem: This is the training part that you are asking me to. Previously and store it. This is reward. And as the, let me hear music. Yeah. I shared. This is for, like, this is a proximal of Plessy. So this is what I have for rlhs here. I did like I, when I use this one, something like with malt, value had and loaded model there and then this become my policy. I just printed like some sort of the total hum how much will be the total parameter. This is the setup function that I call it and it will set up it. And then this is the This function is just to demonstrate like the generating, some sort of response. What response it's it's because of the computation. It didn't get any words generated but if Unit further with some hyperparameter. I get, I will get results. So there is RHS implementation.
16:56 Awais Saleem: yeah, rlh
16:59 Piermatteo Grieco: Hmm. Okay. Okay, let's look like this. Let's see. The con whiskey challenge. Then, I will ask you something else.
17:16 Awais Saleem: Channel and let me go to the challenge part where I did GNN.
17:18 Piermatteo Grieco: Yes, yes. With challenge with the GNN and so on.
17:23 Awais Saleem: Okay. That's good. Okay. So initially I just give you overview what's happening. And if we have four and have some sort of issues and the DNN, what it does GNN need graph. And to construct graph, I did some sort of techniques like But they have to build graph where I build, I use node and edges. Notice something that I declared those are entities in my code. And the relation between those entity between those codes, something like class name function function relationship with class. And this is how I constructed the graph. So after constructing graph, I implemented one of GNN. Model, that is a kind of multi-head attention based graph, convolution model.
18:19 Awais Saleem: And that is something that layer that we have. This, this was the DNN. Then after that, I did seem like strategy to decision to decide that if that patch generated is perfect for that solution from that repository or not, and then analyzing some sort of thing. So, I'll start here, I did some sort of What we call it. include including several libraries, then by torch initialization pythought is what we use it for including
18:55 Piermatteo Grieco: Yeah, I use it.
18:56 Awais Saleem: Yeah.
18:58 Piermatteo Grieco: As President.
18:58 Awais Saleem: Then.
18:59 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay, this is a library that address is. Okay, can you tell me about this Data preprocessing?
19:06 Awais Saleem: Yeah, in data preprocessing, what I did, there was in code, we have function, we have classes, we have variables, we have these kind of thing. So I have to from that repository, I have to create those take those and generate graphs. So I'm going to that figure where I build graph. This is where I did drop and construction just talking my And please go. Okay.
19:41 Piermatteo Grieco: He used footbed for the encoding.
19:44 Awais Saleem: Sorry.
19:45 Piermatteo Grieco: You use Codebad for encoding.
19:48 Awais Saleem: Yeah. Yeah, that is a model that to understand cement peaks or from the course. So that later on I use it for node features. So
20:00 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
20:02 Awais Saleem: This is one of subgraph for filing there. This is asteroid. This is how I build it. So, some sort of, I would say that it has classes function names. So, above
20:17 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
20:19 Awais Saleem: there is That is the here. It is. But the This is the node features that I build and it some sort of those features and including some features. So some semantic features from code but that model to then every node feature have like some sort of understanding. What what is the coherency and this was just extra thing. I just I can just go with this one as well, but I don't and Yeah, didn't I did something extracting so that it's a man thing features. As also important, if we have something extra, we should include. So that is why I take it. So this is how it A, I built graph and then I'll keep going. There is a code, This is the chord
21:18 Awais Saleem: There. I define graph neural network. Sorry, it's I don't
21:18 Piermatteo Grieco: You don't worry.
21:26 Awais Saleem: You can see it again.
21:29 Piermatteo Grieco: Yep.
21:30 Awais Saleem: Yeah. So this is the core DNA something the name of custom model that I use. So it's name of my class which has like a DNN layers in in about about cell. So it's I define it here but I will go. There I define this class. By this is the class that I, this is the model that I constructed like DNN architecture to do with the, some sort of and that I loaded it. I used like Python and this is the class later on. We use it here somewhere there with the custom and the accordion and the name of Model. And then here it starts and like Testing some sort of sample data and custom data. So it's here, it's goal. Like
22:41 Awais Saleem: initialization of DNN model, then please go. Okay, against that. And then use some sort of pie torch initialization custom, GN, and again, initialize and then some use of some sort of model. How many parameter it used and like test it with sample that then there's some tests that get failed. And again, I have to do some changes but later on by the end model and gets tested successfully, electron, we will get results. So this is another architecture that I try. This is like GNN trainer.
23:27 Awais Saleem: Again, this one code within just one part above there, I just define the graph plot and then here I train it. And after training, I just
23:41 Piermatteo Grieco: And yeah interesting, let's see the results.
23:44 Awais Saleem: Yeah. I don't there, I might in you know, there are several vs Ford and so many everything. It's too much loading. Huh, yeah, it's something. So with this GNN, The model parameter was this training example was six batch size 32, the learning rate and after it it this is the book that run it and the laws was constant and then But learning rate was.
24:22 Piermatteo Grieco: so basically it was not learning actually
24:25 Awais Saleem: Yeah. And it, it could learn, it could get done if I use GPU. but,
24:36 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay, look I got I got the whole thing here.
24:37 Awais Saleem: Yeah.
24:43 Piermatteo Grieco: The thing is that I wanted to see something production already. so,
24:47 Awais Saleem: Yeah.
24:49 Piermatteo Grieco: I propose you the following, you can stop sharing the screen.
24:53 Awais Saleem: Okay.
24:54 Piermatteo Grieco: I was working on a small side project that I had. it's but it's very simple is using MCP Server to basically Integrate into AI agents and give a memory to AI agents.
25:12 Awais Saleem: Okay. Okay.
25:15 Piermatteo Grieco: It's very, extremely simple. I can
25:18 Awais Saleem: Yeah.
25:20 Piermatteo Grieco: I would say, 95% of the code is done.
25:24 Awais Saleem: Yeah. Okay.
25:27 Piermatteo Grieco: And needs basically are a factoring.
25:29 Awais Saleem: Okay.
25:33 Piermatteo Grieco: Couple of a couple of setting to go in production. I will add you on that triple. You can repo do the referring? And make it production ready? Wait, the wall connection to Mongo the localization. The Cicd for the plugin etc. If you need any Any. Of. Subscription environment. You just have to ask me and that will give it to you, Okay? It's not something regarding a model. So You can work on the sentence. Transformer that triggers. The memory saving. And the memory recording you can work on that model. And the basically you're making it production ready? I will add you on the repo.
26:35 Awais Saleem: Okay.
26:38 Piermatteo Grieco: I expect you to do this for Let's say maximum next Monday.
26:46 Awais Saleem: Okay.
26:46 Piermatteo Grieco: Because it's just a refactoring, putting it on production, and Working a little on the, on the On these scent, these three memory triggers.
27:05 Awais Saleem: That's fine. I will finish it before Saturday. I have because on this Sunday and Monday my brother wedding,
27:16 Piermatteo Grieco: Oh, congratulations.
27:18 Awais Saleem: Yeah, so I will try to finish it.
27:20 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
27:22 Awais Saleem: Friday. Make every I'm confident I will do it. No problem. but,
27:27 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay. Okay. Well
27:28 Awais Saleem: Yeah.
27:31 Piermatteo Grieco: I will share this with you. Let me check. I will show it now. Okay, weekly pull request issue. Security.
27:53 Piermatteo Grieco: I think it's an organization so I should not you in the organization actually. Collaboration. Director's. Okay. Can I have your Github username?
28:18 Awais Saleem: And it's I irj awais.
28:23 Piermatteo Grieco: If you can write it better.
28:26 Awais Saleem: Yeah, just let me write.
28:36 Speaker: irjawais
28:38 Awais Saleem: Okay, I sent you.
28:43 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay. So right.
29:02 Awais Saleem: Okay.
29:05 Piermatteo Grieco: And added. And I'm sending you invite here.
29:10 Piermatteo Grieco: https://github.com/AiGotsrl/mcp-memory-server/invitations
29:13 Piermatteo Grieco: You know, okay, so let's let's try this because The ideas are there. I can see it. But I really need you to see. The something production already.
29:30 Awais Saleem: Okay.
29:32 Piermatteo Grieco: I appreciate that, the fact that you transform at the code into a graph, that's a great idea. I appreciate the. The World triangle in the honesty of telling that was AI generator code. It's totally fine. It's not okay. I hope that more people actually will use it and I see the potential so I will give you this test and then basically I need to
29:57 Awais Saleem: Yeah.
30:06 Piermatteo Grieco: Three, four days to to check the results, what I want you to do, basically with
30:13 Piermatteo Grieco: this is to do the refactoring, do the production readiness, and so on and show me the results. so you then can integrate it in lovable, for example, Or cursor, whatever you want. Show me without this integration. How's the output and with the disintegration? Which is the output of the, of the of the thing. Any example is okay. Just document it And show me that to the system. Is production ready? So I know that you can make a system production really Okay, it's just the side that I am, so it's fine if you mess with it, okay?
30:58 Awais Saleem: Okay. Okay. No, I love this but it's fine.
31:09 Piermatteo Grieco: Then other two things. Now, regarding the position, you told me that you have a notice period of 15 days, right?
31:16 Awais Saleem: Yeah, I have 15 days of notice period but if you want me urgently there is no problem. I can just jump into any project and take start working on the butter. 15 days will be done. My notes period, that I need to serve. I have some important account server, is the whole server is dependent on me. So I have to
31:38 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
31:40 Awais Saleem: give ethically like with gracefully to my friends, the the colleagues and they can use it. Yeah.
31:46 Piermatteo Grieco: Of course, just curiosity, you from Pakistan or
31:52 Awais Saleem: Yeah, I'm from Pakistan. But doing PhD in Lisbon living in Lisbon
31:57 Piermatteo Grieco: Living. I remember you're doing the PhD now.
32:00 Awais Saleem: Yeah. PhD in AI and my PhD in Gnm.
32:04 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay, now I got it because
32:06 Awais Saleem: And then my last paper paper, get published. That was on GNN previously. I published two paper on GNN and more. Chili peppers are coming with G and then
32:16 Piermatteo Grieco: Interesting. Interesting.
32:17 Awais Saleem: Yeah, and even I have started working on a paper that is Auto ML Auto. ML is something user will just upload structure data and by then they will just model will find tune there. Fine. Tune with the explainable, A and Are just user. They will just give a result to users user. Just don't have to do some sort of free training, fine, training parameters, changing hyper tuning. So these this is everything will be done based on. So, if I done that, I can also bring that into this company, anywhere company one, they use it. I can just give that here. So it is something that will be plus point for me to give me power to do more decisions and these kind of thing. So, in future there are a lot of things coming with my with something for interesting from my PhD. So this transformer something. Yeah, you want to say,
33:21 Piermatteo Grieco: Where you land the PhD.
33:24 Awais Saleem: Sorry.
33:24 Piermatteo Grieco: When you will land at the PhD.
33:26 Awais Saleem: It will be and in 20 too long, it will be ending 20 In 2028. It's three years left.
33:36 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay, okay. In case. Will you? In case, the opportunity will be big. Let's say,
33:46 Awais Saleem: Yeah.
33:49 Piermatteo Grieco: I don't know, moving to another country or whatever.
33:53 Awais Saleem: I can do it. I already mentioned that there is no problem where you from university. I don't have any problem.
33:59 Piermatteo Grieco: Will you dump the PhD?
34:03 Awais Saleem: Not possible. I am working.
34:06 Piermatteo Grieco: Because this is important, example. Let's say that we have Then founding from us.
34:14 Awais Saleem: Okay.
34:15 Piermatteo Grieco: you the and you and doing this startup thing,
34:19 Awais Saleem: That will be good.
34:21 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
34:22 Awais Saleem: Okay, if something I'm getting in that thing, that will be fine. That would be
34:26 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay.
34:28 Awais Saleem: okay then I'm okay, fine. Yeah.
34:28 Piermatteo Grieco: oh, Okay, you can work 40 hours per week.
34:34 Awais Saleem: Yeah.
34:34 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay. Okay. Do this thing for the production readiness then? Because you're in Lisbon Eye format that I will ask the CFO. He told me that basically you can have Upwork payment
34:56 Awais Saleem: I can go with that. Yeah.
34:58 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay, I will. So I will start asking for 1800 as you ask me but I really need to
35:03 Awais Saleem: Okay.
35:06 Piermatteo Grieco: see this thing in production.
35:09 Awais Saleem: Yeah, perfect. Okay, okay.
35:09 Piermatteo Grieco: Okay, okay. Okay, so, as per now, let's stay with. Let's stick with that. I will wait for that thing in production. I want to see it working in production, and you have to show me what's before, as output, and what's after? As output? Okay?
35:29 Awais Saleem: Fine. Yeah, fine. If I have questions, I can just ping you on.
35:32 Piermatteo Grieco: You can absolutely ask me and contact me on LinkedIn. If you need any account, you can ask me in contact me a linking, anything just make it in production,
35:40 Awais Saleem: Okay.
35:41 Piermatteo Grieco: okay?
35:42 Awais Saleem: Perfect. Perfect. That's fine. That's fine. Thank you so much. That's good.
35:47 Piermatteo Grieco: Thank you. Have a nice day. I'm waiting this thing done.
35:48 Awais Saleem: Okay. Thank you. Yeah, yeah, thank you. Bye-bye.
  